docs: update auto-imports to advertise the scan feature (#30292)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/1.concepts/1.auto-imports.md

  }
})
```

> This will disable auto-imports completely but it's still possible to use [explicit imports](#explicit-imports) from `#imports`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This will disable auto-imports completely but it's still possible to use [explicit imports](#explicit-imports) from `#imports`.
```

### Partially Disabling Auto-imports

If you want framework-specific functions like `ref` to remain auto-imported but wish to disable auto-imports for your own code (e.g., custom composables), you can set the `imports.scan` option to `false` in your `nuxt.config.ts` file:

```ts
export default defineNuxtConfig({
  imports: {
    scan: false
  }
})
```

With this configuration:
- Framework functions like `ref`, `computed`, or `watch` will still work without needing manual imports.
- Custom code, such as composables, will need to be manually imported in your files.

::warning
**Caution:** This setup has certain limitations:

> - If you structure your project to include an "abstract layer" which extends from a "core layer" (which is an npm package), you’ll need to import composables from the npm package similarly to third-party packages (e.g., `vue-i18n`) into your "abstract layer".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you structure your project with layers, you will need to explicitly import the composables from each layer, rather than relying on auto-imports.
```
